# Webmaster

A packages included Flask based framework to rapidly develop web applications 
and API endpoints. 

It comes with User Login section, Admin section to quickly get you going.

Also it includes a CMS admin, to quickly post blogs, create dynamic pages on the site.

Version: 0.0.*

## Install

    pip install webmaster
    
## Create a new app

    cd your_dir 
    
    webcli create -a www
    
## Setup Project
    
    cd your_dir 
    
    python manage.py setup
    
### Start your server

    webcli local

Go to http://127.0.0.1:5000/

---
    
## Why Flask?

Because Flask is fun, and you will still feel like you are writing.


## Why not Django? 

Because it's not Django. That's it! 


## Decision Made for You

- Smart routing: automatically generates routes based on the classes and methods in your views
    
- Class name as the base url, ie: class UserAccount will be accessed at '/user-account'

- Class methods (action) could be accessed: hello_world(self) becomes 'hello-world'

So

    class UserAccount(Webmaster):
        
        def hello_world(self):
            return {}

Will be accessed at **/user-account/hello-world**

- Easy rending and render decorator

By default views methods can return a dict and it will transform to the rendering views

    class Index(Webmaster):
    
        # url: /
        def index(self):
            return {
                "name": "John Doe",
                "location": "World"
            }


        # url: /hello-world
        @render_as_json
        def hello_world(self):
            return {
                "city": "Charlotte",
                "state": "North Carolina"
            }
            
        
        # url: /another-one-as-xml
        @render_as_xml
        def another_one_as_xml(self):
            return {
                "city": "Charlotte",
                "state": "North Carolina"
            }

- 

- Auto route can be edited with @route()

- Restful: GET, POST, PUT, DELETE

- REST API Ready

- bcrypt is chosen as the password hasher

- Session: Redis, AWS S3, Google Storage, SQLite, MySQL, PostgreSQL

- ORM: [Active-Alchemy](https://github.com/mardix/active-alchemy) (SQLALchemy wrapper)

- ReCaptcha: [Flask-Recaptcha](https://github.com/mardix/flask-recaptcha)

- CSRF on all POST

- CloudStorage: Local, S3, Google Storage [Flask-Cloudy](https://github.com/mardix/flask-cloudy)

- Mailer (SES or SMTP)

- Caching

- Propel for deployment



# Built-in Packages

- Basic Layout

- Index page

- User Auth
    - login
    - signup
    - lost-password
    - account-settings

- User Admin

- Publisher a CMS lite to manage posts (article, blog, dynamic pages, etc)
    - With Admin
    - With Front end view

- Contact Page

- Error Page (Custom error page)

- Social Signin (in experiment)

- Social Share

- Bootswatch

- Font-Awesome

- Markdown


# Front End Components

- Lazy load images

- Social Share Buttons


---
 
Application Structure:

    /application
    
        - /data
        
            - /mailer-templates
            
            - /uploads
        
        - /extras
        
            - __init__.py
        
        - /www
        
            - /static
                
                - /css
                
                - /images
                
                - /js
                
                - assets.yml
                
            - /templates
            
                - /Index
                    
                    - index.html
            
            - __init__.py
            
            - views.py
        
    - manage.py
    
    - propel.yml
    
    - requirements.txt
    
    - serve_www.py


---


Core Modules:

    webmaster.core
    
    webmaster.decorators
    
    webmaster.ext
    
    webmaster.packages
    
--- 

## Read The Docs

Read the docs @ [http://mardix.github.io/Webmaster/](http://mardix.github.io/Webmaster/)

---


## Helping with Documentation

The documentation is written in Markdown and is located under `/docs` 
 
[MkDocs](http://www.mkdocs.org/) is used to create HTML from the `/docs` files. 

At the root of the directory, MkDocs uses the conf file `mkdocs.yml`. To add
 new menu, add it under `pages`

#### Edit Docs & make pull requests

Edit the files that needs updates or needs to be created under `/docs`. Files
are in Markdown format. 

If you are adding a new doc file, you may want to put it in `mkdocs.yml` under
`pages` so it can be shown in the menu.


Run this command to see the changes and look etc

    mkdocs serve
    

Then commit and push your code in `master` to make a pull request.

Do not push the directory `/site` generated by MkDocs. 
 
That's it.

    
    